Hello
hi friends welcome to my channel Stock
Riders friends
welcome to this video by starting and today we will talk
about ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited stock
52-week is One Shifuji yesterday is One One 21
quantity in last trading session t-20
23 lakh 71 thousand 544 delivery quantity 11
lakh 10,000 267 delivery percentage 46.2
delivery percentage is very high and here
delivery is best selling not by A
so let's talk about the first news the
news is ICICI Lombard General
Insurance talk for SHU for this
point you for the results have come the result of this
company's wells is 10
percent decline first last year
their air was 346 crore lord and this time the
result of drink water for is 313 crore
so there is a reply of 10 percent
so this was bad news due to this there has been a
huge decline in this topic
and  The second news is buy ICICI
Lombard General Insurance target of Rs
1612, this security has
said that you
can buy ICICI General Insurance and their target or
dowry or many such companies
or whatever is listed, they have given their reviews, so
this is also a news, so news is
fine but apart from news, you should pay attention to your own,
many things keep coming in the news
that your market cap is 64 thousand 600 crores,
debt is 255 crores, play percentage is
zero, if we
talk about the share holding pattern, the
promoters' shareholding of 48.08 48104 in the last quarter has
reduced by
620 7.73, this has
also reduced
from 10.54 to 31.73, this is big, public i.e.
retailers' shareholding has reduced from 30.65 to 11.34,
see, the police is, the rest of the promoters' shareholding has reduced a
little, rest and this is also a decline, if
seen overall, there is a shift.  So it has a trading
pattern,
so this is the one week chart of the stock, in the one week
chart R is 643 low
and this is the one day chart, in the one day
chart itself it is roti 6
and this is the chart of the pomegranate, in the chart
Aamir is like this, diarrhea and whatever is there in the all weekly and
daily chart is correct
but in the one week chart RS is seen slowing down a little bit,
see here it has come down,
talking about the one week chart,
see in the chart of the dynasty, the stock was
taking support here around 1981 activated, it took
support here, it took
support here, it took support from there, on your side
this stock went up from here, came down,
but look here it went up from here, went
here, now here this stock has
two properties, either the
stock went down from here,
took support here and then by doing this it will
form New Delhi pattern from here or it will
come down like this,
so here both the properties are there
in the topic because if the stock is
coming down from here then  If it goes up and goes like this,
then it will form a W-cut
or it will come down and then it will form a Tier 2 pattern. So,
here you have both the
properties. You will have to
see both the properties. So,
how much further can this stock fall now?
And its support at the bottom is
1280, after
that
12304, 190. This is its support.
Why am I telling the support at the bottom because if you look at the
chart of the birthdays of the countries,
this gap was opened
in the wheat open. What happens in that plate,
if the stock reverses upwards from here, then it will go up
to 30 on this topic and then come back down again.
Because this is a fully aware scandal, that too is a
weekly candle. So, from here the chances are very
that it will go a little sideways from here and
after that it will not want to come back. So, do not get attracted to go to the office after
seeing a police candle here or any
cancer police of the ODI here. It is
quite possible
that it may
start coming down again in the next trading session. If it goes back to
1351 then  Then it starts coming down,
I will look at the One RK chart, it has formed a
green candle here, maybe it should go
up a little patiently and then it does not start coming back, so the
support below which
I have told you because generally, the bear
experience till now, whenever any stroke
opens, it forms in this type,
Rafi had
told the names of 12 stocks, this is a small bank, just
look at it, that Bigg Boss was in a lot of pits,
after that you are on the side but did
not come back down again, to
test your supports further, you
can retest the support here, the support here
is 1280, then after that
and after that below 1200, this is the
support below it, so here
you will have to see how both types work, if it goes up from here,
if it goes
above 1400, then you like it,
then you say go, if it comes down
then you will have to become clear, development
from here, both the properties of your side are also
very 1400 level  You need lakhs for the upside, the
upper target is 1470, after that
1548, but if it starts coming down
then 1280 120, after that 1200, it will
take the downside, so where do you have to add this stock,
you can see that with your level, if it
comes down then
see with the relatives below, if it goes up then according to the level,
1400 is visible, but it will consolidate
in this stock because from here only it
is free, it will try to make a W pattern
and if it comes down then below here,
school request or
anywhere here Jyoti told that 1280 120,
this stock can take support,
after that you can go to the side, so these are
its two properties, you
can note both of them, otherwise if we talk about
A on the ticket, then on the
tip tip, the list has given its opinion,
70% have given, you can buy, so there are
three lists, rest if you want to see them, you
can also see them by going to the
four lists in ODI.  In ODI
it has given a return of 5.92, whereas in negative,
in one week Starc has
given a negative return of 2.5 per cent, in one month there are
positive returns of 5.36, that is, it
was positive from one mind, but
if you see in the one year chart, there is a
negative return of 4.5 per cent, it means the stock has
not run anywhere, no one is in a bull run, the stock was
continuously falling, it may have got
upset from here, it will not come back, sir it will do
and above that, after that move this stock to the side,
see here, country don't
apply oil, it will come down, then come back up, so
you will have to keep these things in mind, the
supremes, this cheesy stop, they are
stylish, if you liked this video then like,
share it, subscribe to the channel, if you have
any question, you
can post it in the comment box and
my Telegram channel will be found in the description box of the video,
you can go and join, thank
you friends, thank you dropped by for new u